hi what's up guys
today i'll show you a black comedy
slasher film happy death day
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
after a night of drunken partying the
university student theresa
wakes up on her birthday in the dorm
room of her classmate carter
still confused a little bit by the
surrounding she ignores her seemingly
one-night stand lover
walks out and returns to her room
theresa is raised in a rich family
but she seems too self-centered towards
people around
her roommate lori gives her a cupcake
for the celebration of her birthday
teresa throws it away and shows no
appreciation though
she then joins the sorority which
declares strict rules
and even kicks out those violators from
the group
so in order to keep the rules herself
she has pushed carter away
who shows up just to return her lost
necklace
teresa is obsessed with a medical
professor even though she knows the
professor is married
and she's discouraged by her roommate
lori
she just wants to keep the sex
relationship with the professor
she almost gets caught by his wife one
time when they're done letting go of
their hormone
that night on her way to a party teresa
is lured into a tunnel by a delicate
music box
which is then playing the birthday song
for her while she's wondering it may be
a trick from someone
she's attacked suddenly by a figure
wearing a mask of the school mascot
she soon runs away for life but gets
stabbed to death
at last theresa wakes up back in
carter's bed
she feels more confused by the same
stuffs around and the same man standing
before her
saying the same words she walks out the
dorm then
but feels unnerved to find that the
previous day's events
repeating themselves from the same
student she talks to
she finds she still lives in her
birthday that's 18th of september
the sorority the necklace and the sex
affair with her favorite professor
everything repeats itself almost the
same way on her
later that night still frightened teresa
is urged to join the party
but on her way to the same party without
any surprise
she sees the same music box laying on
the ground there
this time she decides to ignore it right
away and changes the routes to the party
trying to avoid the previous danger this
way but the time she catches sight of a
man
wearing the same mask inside the party
room she knocks him down without any
hesitation
but soon only finds out she hit a wrong
guy
it's actually a welcome trick for people
there
the guy seems to forgive teresa for the
head and then flirts her to his room
which is mistaken by teresa to be a
hormone let go exercise
but it turns out the man only shows his
interest in the music
rather than her hot sexy body by the
time she decides
to ignore the rude man the masked
murderer kills the poor man suddenly
under cover of loud music then he turns
to teresa
she is freaked out by the murderer
showing up nowhere
she gets murdered the same this time
even though she struggles hard against
the killer
teresa wakes up screaming only finding
herself back again to carter's dorm room
she rushes out of the room and realizes
she is in a time loop
still in huge horror she returns to her
dorm room
and tells lori about the crazy thing
happening to her
lori however just takes it as some kind
of serious trick
but teresa is determined to avoid the
murder this time
so she barricades herself in her room
with the door and window blocked up
tightly
she refuses to go for any party again
but even in this way that night she's
panic stricken by an unknown postcard on
the table
bearing the same mask alerted by the
suddenly shut down television
she approaches slowly to the restroom
with a hammer in hand for defense
but she's then distracted by the
television sound
and gets attacked by the murderer
showing up behind
theresa is lucky enough to avoid his
first deadly attack this time
but she's killed the same due to her
extreme panic
waking up another time the panic theresa
screams out everywhere
she tries to explain the whole weird
thing to carter who actually doesn't
mock it at her insanity
but rather carter even suggests her
taking advantage of the loop
to identify her killer in the dream with
his help
teresa makes a list of her suspects she
spends the next several iterations
trailing people she considers suspects
but she gets killed each time no matter
how hard she tries to avoid
one time she even faints and awakens in
the campus hospital
where she refuses the sex affair with
the professor
after the professor walks away teresa
sneaks into his office for the car key
where she happens to find a similar mask
in the drawer but by the time theresa is
frightened
and want to leave the damn place with
car key she witnesses the professor gets
stabbed deadly by the killer
so she goes get the car speeds out
without any time to pause
but she's later pulled over by the
police for speeding
for her safety this time she pretends to
be drunk driving
trying to make herself detained by the
police for safe nevertheless
things always go far beyond her
expectation
the poor police is knocked over by the
coming killer and theresa gets blown up
to death
theresa gets weaker every time she wakes
up from the death
she shows the repetition evidence to
carter and makes him trust her whole
story
as they get more familiar with each
other teresa turns to be frank with such
kind man
and begins to tell him her true feelings
towards her family
right at that time she learns from the
news about a serial killer
held in the hospital she suspects it
might be the actual serial killer she
always met
without any delay she runs all the way
to the hospital
trying to warn the staff there of the
danger but it's too late
she soon finds the securities already
dead and the killer comes chasing after
her
right at that critical moment carter
follows up and knocks down the killer
but carter can't take up her hand
anymore he's soon neck killed by the
masked man
teresa then launches her sudden attack
in the hide and gets the chance to
terminate the killer forever
but rather she chooses to hang herself
dead this time
because she realizes that carter will
remain dead if she ends the loop
teresa awakens in carter's dorm room
again and finds him alive
now confident in solving her murder
teresa proceeds happily through the day
she behaviors friendly towards people
around and her affair with a professor
withdraws herself from the hypocritical
sorority
and even meets her father for her
birthday lunch where the two begin to
reconcile
that night she's determined to put an
end with a murderer
she goes all the way to the hospital
grabs the gun from the security guard
but she fails to shoot the killer with
the safety lock on
however thanks to the previous
repetitious deaths
teresa has gained enough experience to
deal with killer right now
after a fierce fight she shoots the
killer dead
and ends the whole story relieved to
finally be free
teresa celebrates her birthday in
carter's room and eats the cupcake lori
gave her
to her surprise she wakes up again on
the same 18th of september
and finds herself still in the loop the
horrified teresa returns to her room
with the intent to run away where laurie
offers her the cupcake again
theresa realizes the previous loop was
the only time
she had ever eaten a cupcake and she had
died in her sleep
she thinks lori must be her true killer
and she's poisoned to death by the
cupcake
despite laurie's denying theresa
threatens to take the cupcake to the
police
then lori shows her real face and begins
to attack teresa lori admits she plans
to kill teresa out of jealousy
because laurie's also having an affair
with the professor and the professor
shows preference only for teresa
to reach her evil goal and avoid getting
caught every time after she kills teresa
she will place the evil mask on the
serial killer trying to mislead the
police
however lori never knows that teresa
gets well trained
through the previous serial killings
during ensuing fight
teresa stuffs the poison cupcake in her
mouth
then kicks her out the window to death
the next morning when teresa wakes up
the carter's room
she's terrified by the same words said
by carter
which makes her feel like she's back to
18th day again
but in the end she enjoys her lovely new
day for the first time
after she realizes it's actually a joke
she finally confirms that
she is now living in 19th of september
this is daniel cc movie review bye